1. What does the git pull command do?
A) Downloads changes from the remote repository but does not merge them
B) Downloads and merges changes from the remote repository into the local branch
C) Only merges local branches
D) Pushes local changes to the remote repository
---------------
2. What is the default behavior of git pull?
A) Fetch changes from remote but do not apply them
B) Fetch and merge changes from the remote branch into the current branch
C) Delete the current branch and create a new one from remote
D) Push changes to the remote repository
----------------
3. Which of the following commands is equivalent to git pull?
A) git fetch && git merge
B) git clone && git merge
C) git push && git merge
D) git rebase && git push
----------------
4. How do you pull changes from a specific branch in Git?
A) git pull origin <branch-name>
B) git fetch origin <branch-name>
C) git merge origin <branch-name>
D) git checkout <branch-name>
---------------
5. What will happen if your local branch has uncommitted changes when you run git pull?
A) Git will overwrite the local changes without warning
B) Git will stash the changes automatically and then pull
C) Git will show an error and ask you to commit or stash your changes
D) Git will merge the changes automatically
--------------
6. What flag should be used with git pull to perform a rebase instead of a merge?
A) --no-ff
B) --squash
C) --rebase
D) --force
-------------
7. What is the difference between git pull and git fetch?
A) git fetch downloads changes but does not merge, while git pull fetches and merges changes
B) git pull downloads changes without merging, while git fetch fetches and merges
C) git fetch pushes changes, while git pull fetches them
D) git pull only updates remote branches
-----------
8. What command should you run to avoid merge conflicts when using git pull?
A) git pull --force
B) git pull --squash
C) git pull --rebase
D) git pull --hard
------------
9. Which of the following situations requires a git pull?
A) When you want to update your local branch with the latest remote changes
B) When you want to push your local changes to the remote repository
C) When you want to create a new repository
D) When you want to delete a remote branch
--------------
10. What happens if there are merge conflicts after running git pull?
A) Git will automatically resolve the conflicts
B) Git will abort the pull and discard remote changes
C) Git will pause and ask you to manually resolve the conflicts
D) Git will automatically commit the conflicting changes
s
