# Date 17 March 2025
-------------------------
Q. How will you check installed git version?
Q. Which command is used to check the status of local repository?
Q. What is use of git init command?

Q. Suppose,I have added four new files say F1.txt,F2.txt,F3.txt and  
   f4.txt in working directory.If I check the status of local repository then what is status of local repository?

Q. F1.txt file status is untracked,I want to add this file into 
   stagging area,write git command to add into stagging area?

Q. I have 2 untracked files,2 modified files and 1 delete files,write a  
   git command to add all these files into stagging area at a time.

Q. Suppose I have 10 files in working area,some are text files,some are 
   log files,some are pdf files,write git command for below requirement
   1. Add only text files into stagging area.
   2. Add only log files into stagging area.
   3. Add only pdf files into stagging area.
   4. Add only text and log files into stagging area
   5. Add only pdf and log files into stagging area.
   
Q. Suppose I have A1.txt file,status of that file is untracked,now I am 
   adding A1.txt into stagging area so I have written below command,now guess what will happen if below command is executed? I mean which file get added into stagging area.
   command: git add a1.txt
   
Q. State the following statement are valid or invalid
1. git commands are case insensitive
2. git is maintained by windows
3. github is maintained by Linux
4. we can execute git commands on normal directory
5. gitbash is version control tool
6. git restore --stagged command removes a file from commit area
   and put into working area.
7. We can add Untracked files directly into commit area?
8. We can add modified files directly into stagging area.
9. If local repository file is deleted from our system then no 
   need to add it into commit area.
10. git bash display committed file names in green color
11. git bash display deleted file names in red color
12. When we add a file into stagging area then index is created or 
    index is updated.
13. Every files has unique index.
--------




